In no particular order:
-- -- ---------- -----

BUGS:
-----
Close rectangle doesn't work if CCHAR appears in the text.

On systems without exclusive open, some other sort of interlocking method
  should be attempted, to determine if multiple users are working in the
  same directory

No allocs should take place from the time that the user issues the "exit"
  command until E exits, because if an out-of-heapspace occurs during that
  time you're screwed.

window comand sometimes writes first line of new window on CMD line.

Line number should be updated on a replace with the show option.

Command line doesn't get flushed out during replay of replace commands.

Fix what happens when command line too long.

Blot-@'s can remain on the screen image after a ^B; redraw doesn't help.

Should catch attempted replaces that will loop.


TO BE DONE:
----------

1   Option flags from the command line must go to the keystroke file so that
      the replay will work the same.  E.g. inplace, notracks.

2   Keys file should have the current directory, either "." or full path so
      that when the tmp files are in /tmp/etmp replays can determine the
      correct directory for the replay.

3   Give user interactive options to deal with different version state file,
      keys file.

4   Warn user that editor won't work with upper case-only.

5   If file edited has multiple links, ask user if inplace saving is desired.

6   -window should remove the current window if possible, not the last window,
      as it does now.

7   Don't disable interrupt signal during recovery.

8   Scratch file should not be created if it was made by default and not
      modified.

9   Stamp keys file with time of start of session.

10  If two file arguments are given, the second should become the alt file.

11  All commands invokable by key should also be invokable by typed-out
      commands.

12  The LA package.  Fsd's on a file within LA.

13  Search and replace modes:  Context, and regular expressions.

14  A way of stringing a number of files together for the purposes of search
      and replace.  So when you get to the end of the first file, the search
      goes on to the nest, etc.

15  Command line history list a la csh.

16  Issue windowing and insert/delete commands to intelligent terminals.

17  Macros.

18  Named buffers like the close and pick buffers.

19  A "directory" mode or command.

20  A startover command.  One for the whole session, and one on a
      per-file basis.

21  A good way of showing and inserting tab characters.  A "tabshow" mode?

22  Delchar before a tabstop doesn't move anything to right of tabstop.

23  Separate tab stops per file or group of files (will need state file rev).

24  Show tabstops on upper and lower borders.
      Show window left column in upper-left of window.
      Show Window number in Upper-right corner of window.

25  The command that invoked ned, e.g. "e filename" should be available as the
      last command the first time you enter the Command Line.

26  Rectangles for commands like fill, search, replace

27  Regions

28  Option -environment=  for state file, etc.

29  +word and -word; +delete word, -delete word

30  Provide mechanism to step through a replay.

31  Handle right border-stuck better

32  Default to inplace on a file with multiple links which is owned by the
      user.

33  Inplace flag should be saved per file in state file.

34  Don't parse a file until it is actually looked at.  Keep a list of active
      files in the state file before the workspace information.  Keep info
      there such as separate tabstops, lastlook, INPLACE, etc.

35  Allow commands first or last on command line at user's preference

36  User profiles for things like default tabstops, linelength, command first
      or last on command line, etc.  Could just be a state file in some known
      place.

37  Set up for terminal type on the fly.

38  Underlining

39  "lmargin" and "rmargin" commands.  The first space typed beyond right
      margin does a return.  The left margin is hard for return and
      <cmd><left>.  Each margin can be hard or soft.  Hard makes it
      impossible to move beyond the margin, and soft does as above.

40  Auto-indent on RETURN.

41  Line ranges like ., and 1, and 1,5 and correct handling of paragraph
      counting for reverse directions and negative numbers of lines.

42  The "tie" command to tie two or more windows together for window
      positioning purposes.

43  String Mode so that marked areas for close, etc start at first mark and
      end at last mark as one long string rather than as a rectangle.

44  Paragraph Fill or Just mode so that the current paragraph stays filled or
      justified.  Is this desirable?

45  Power Typing Mode.

46  Support switching screen formats in the Barclay Terminal.

47  Don't depend on screen image for redraw.

48  Bring fill, just, and center internal.

49  Named marks that can ge goto'ed to.

50  Goto 12x8

51  Table alignment command.

52  Search through a list of file systems for space to save on exit.

53  Got-to-next-word key that will move along until you stop it.

54  A command to move the window far enough to the right to show end of
      current line.

55  Print the whole path of .ec1, etc. in case e was invoked as a subsystem
      after the invoking program has done a chdir.

56  Stop a replay or recovery at the first run or feed, unless arrangements
      are made not to.

57  A "go" option to the replace command to go to the next after replacing.

58  You should be able to undo a file delete or rename.

59  "Insert" command to insert all or part of another file into the current
      file.  Take a line number range or line number and number of lines as
      optional argument.

60  A command to break up paragraphs so that sentences and phrases start at
      the beginning of lines.

61  Accept filenames like "~day/food" and $PATH, etc.

62  Temp file called #c for last commands, and csh conventions for running
      them.

63  "Grow" command to grow the file to its present size if larger than at
      first.

64  Should use SHELL environment variable to find shell
      and PATH environment for other executables.

65  Command to wrap last word of line to beginning of next line (opposite
      also).

66  Curwksp and altwksp should really be the top 2 of a queue and there
      should be a roll command to put the curfile onto the end of the queue
      and move the others up one.

67  Maybe a bullet in the left column is sufficient.

68  The notion of a 'paragraph' could be distinct from the notion of a block
      of text.

69  Put an alarm delay into mesg with an ERR... arg

70  If the editor crashed or was aborted, give some idea as to what was
    being edited.

71  Use clear to end of line terminal capability if erase(n) not
    available.

72  flush tty clists before redraw.

73  Rep command with no args should do same as last time.
